c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Entidades.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Negocio.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Datos.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Entidades.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Datos.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Entidades.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Negocio.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Datos.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Entidades.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\Datos.pdb
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\bin\es\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\deyvisamir\Documents\GitHub\SistemaDeGestionDePacientes\SolucionSistemaPacientes\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
